# 2d-game-python
Learning more about pygame through this project

Latest Update: Added pausing to the game, now pauses when opening the spellbook or a shop menu. Fixed an error where the overlay hud was not displaying when the game was paused. Added animations for the enemy boss attacks in turn based battles.



Previous Updates:  player has a new design and new animations for sword and shield use. Turn based combat has animations and sound for player attack and boss attack, with more animations being made to be added. Fixed an error in turn based combat that allowed for the boss to get an extra turn after boss was defeated already. Speelbook feature added, where player can open a menu to choose 3 spells from their spellbook to be quipped, which can be used in turn based combat. Spell animations and sounds for the Magic menu will be added in a future update! A save game feature is added, where the game will save player persistence data from the previous update when changing levels. This includes current health, current level, coins, experience, items, and the new spellbook (which is now a part of player persistence as well). The Brute enemy type can now properly shoot Blasts at the player if they are in a certain range.
added turn based combat, player persistence between levels, a shop where you can spend coins, interactable npcs. Currently working on new design for the playable character, which is almost fully implemented apart from the sheild item use designs. Added a title screen that allows you to load your save, start a new game, or quit the game. Fixed an error that caused NPCs to be duplicated. Added the Party system. Party members can be added to your party. They will follow around the character. In a future update party members will be able to join turn based battle combat. Some animations for the party member are placeholders for now. Made a song for the title screen. Updated the visuals of the health bar.